Create an addon to program the SkyConnect CP2102N chip (#145)
home-assistant/addons-development: skyconnect-cp2102n-programmer/DOCS.md

# Home Assistant Add-on: SkyConnect CP2102N Programmer

## How to use

> Point the addon to the serial port of your defective SkyConnect. It will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point the add-on to the serial port of your defective SkyConnect. It will look like this:
```

```
/dev/serial/by-id/usb-Silicon_Labs_CP2102N_USB_to_UART_Bridge_Controller_c8bfd7a0a664a0d5c2b36b54b2d15a9e-if00-port0
```

> Run the addon and unplug the SkyConnect. When you plug it in again, it will show up properly.

Reviewer: It sounds as if the user has to unplug immediately on run :sweat_smile: Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Run the add-on, wait for it to complete programming (it will automatically stop). Then unplug the SkyConnect and plug it in again, it will now show up properly.
```
